Towardsnunit4 (#780)
nunit/docs: docs/articles/announcements/Towards-NUnit4.md

Including the Assert statement that caused the failure becomes particularly valuable in scenarios involving Multiple Asserts. In such cases, with a list of results from various asserts, it can be challenging to determine precisely which assert is responsible for each message. The improved result messages now offer clearer insights, making it easier to identify the specific assert that led to each failure.

Given the code:

```cs

[Test]
    public void TestMultiple()
    {
        var x = 2;
        Assert.Multiple(() =>
        {
            Assert.That(x*2, Is.EqualTo(42));
            Assert.That(x*1+40, Is.EqualTo(42));
            Assert.That(x*3+42, Is.EqualTo(42));
        });
    }
```

which in version 3 results in:

```txt
Message: 
Multiple failures or warnings in test:
  1)   Expected: 42
  But was:  4

  2)   Expected: 42
  But was:  48
```

This is with only 3 asserts hard to figure out, but with version 4 we get:

```txt
Message: 
Multiple failures or warnings in test:
  1)   Assert.That(x*2, Is.EqualTo(42))
  Expected: 42
  But was:  4

  2)   Assert.That(x*3+42, Is.EqualTo(42))
  Expected: 42
  But was:  48
```

> ### Breaking change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### ⚠️ Breaking Change: Assert Messages with Param Arguments No Longer Supported
```

* Please be aware of a breaking change regarding assert messages in NUnit. The previous format with params args is no longer supported. If you require a similar message format, it is now necessary to convert it to an interpolated string.
  
### Developer details

The improved result messages have been implemented using the new [CallerArgumentExpression](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/proposals/csharp-10.0/caller-argument-expression) together with using a [FormattableString](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.formattablestring?view=net-6.0) as the class for the message.  

> ## Proper async/await, you can now await the Asserts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🎉 Proper `async`/`await` -- Assertions Can Now Be Awaited
```

NUnit 3 has implemented async functionality using a pattern called 'sync-over-async.' This approach allowed for its implementation without requiring significant underlying changes.

In version 4 proper async/await has been implemented with a series of new assert methods, `Assert.ThatAsync` which can be `await`'ed.

```cs
    [Test]
    public async Task AssertionPasses_CompletedTaskWithResult_EqualsResult()
    {
        await Assert.ThatAsync(() => Task.FromResult(42), Is.EqualTo(42));
    }
```

> Version 4 also introduces a new feature called Assert.MultipleAsync, which allows you to mix async and sync asserts within the same block. This enables you to perform multiple assertions, both asynchronous and synchronous, in a more concise and streamlined manner. Moreover, it's important to note that Assert.MultipleAsync is awaitable, providing flexibility in handling asynchronous operations and assertions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 4 also introduces a new feature called `Assert.MultipleAsync`, which allows you to mix async and sync assertions within the same block. This enables you to perform multiple assertions, both asynchronous and synchronous, in a more concise and streamlined manner. Moreover, it's important to note that `Assert.MultipleAsync` is awaitable, providing flexibility in handling asynchronous operations and assertions.
```

```cs
    [Test]
    public async Task AssertMultipleAsyncSucceeds()
    {
        await Assert.MultipleAsync(async () =>
        {
            await Assert.ThatAsync(() => Task.FromResult(42), Is.EqualTo(42));
            Assert.That("hello", Is.EqualTo("hello"));
            await Assert.ThatAsync(() => Task.FromException(new  ArgumentNullException)), Throws.ArgumentNullException);
        });
    }
```

## Nullability

Version 4 has implemented stricter nullability throughout the codebase. While there are still some areas that require fixing, overall, it should now conform to the nullability requirements.  See [3376](https://github.com/nunit/nunit/issues/3376) for details.

> These changes, along with the improved assert messages, have resulted in null values no longer being allowed for messages. As a consequence, code like the example below will not compile and will result in [CS0121](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/misc/cs0121?f1url=%3FappId%3Droslyn%26k%3Dk(CS0121))):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These changes, along with the improved assertion messages, have resulted in null values no longer being allowed for messages. As a consequence, code like the example below will not compile and will result in [CS0121](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/misc/cs0121?f1url=%3FappId%3Droslyn%26k%3Dk(CS0121))):
```

![AssertNull](~/images/AssertNull.png)
It's important to update such code to use valid non-null message strings

> ## Platform support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Platform Support
```

> The lowest framework platforms support in Version 4 are **.net framework 4.6.2** and **.net 6.0**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lowest framework platforms support in version 4 are **.net framework 4.6.2** and **.net 6.0**.
```

> ## Classic/Legacy asserts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Classic/Legacy Asserts
```

> The classic/legacy asserts, like `Assert.AreEqual`, have now been moved into its own project, and will be released as a separate package.  They are now in the namespace `NUnit.Framework.Classic`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The classic/legacy asserts, like `Assert.AreEqual`, have now been moved into their own project, and will be released as a separate package.  They are now in the namespace `NUnit.Framework.Classic`.
```

> In the early V4 alpha version they will be delivered in the standard NUnit package.

Reviewer: ⚠️ We should probably make it clear, then, that we would expect that to be a future breaking change, which means end users wouldn't be affected until v5 in the new release structure. Or are we saying that it will be a breaking change between v4 alpha and v4 release?

Author: It will be breaking in V4, since you need to change the namespace to be able to use the legacy asserts.
Adding the package we can then do as part of the V4, but not for the first alpha release

> This means that the default assert library going forward will be the `Constraint based` asserts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that the default assertion syntax going forward will be the "constraint-based" asserts.
```

> Exactly how these methods will be used is not quite decided yet.  We will probably need to do some namechanges to avoid clashes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Exactly how these methods will be used is not quite decided yet.  We will probably need to do some name changes to avoid clashes.
```

> Exactly how these methods will be used is not quite decided yet.  We will probably need to do some name changes to avoid clashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exactly how these methods will be used is not quite decided yet. We will probably need to do some name changes to avoid clashes.
```

## Testing it out

> If you add our Myget source to your app's nuget feeds, you can try out the new features yourself.

Reviewer 2: That might be defunct soon.
For work we use github packages, I presume it works with a public repository:
```
<add key="NuGetGitHub" value="https://nuget.pkg.github.com/nunit/index.json" />
```

> Add a nuget.config like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add or modify your `nuget.config` to add the package resources such as below:
```

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<configuration>
    <packageSources>
        <clear/>
        <add key="nuget" value="https://api.nuget.org/v3/index.json" />

>         <add key="NUnitMyGet" value="https://www.myget.org/F/nunit/api/v3/index.json" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        <add key="NuGetGitHub" value="https://nuget.pkg.github.com/nunit/index.json" />
```

    </packageSources>
</configuration>
```

> and replace your current NUnit Packagereference with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, replace your current NUnit `PackageReference` with:
```
